In the near future each selfie is not just selfe. The selfies become alive and dangerous. They want to absorb all real people in the world. In fact these selfies can and want to absorb only their owner but they can reproduce themselves unlimited times with little mutations. If people don't make selfies they will be ok, but habit is not easy to forget so they make selfies and then they have options: to be absorbed from their selfies or to fight and to be absorbed from their selfie.

The game

In this game the first thing is to make selfe then this selfie reproduces itself endless times (fortunately not at once).

Your goal is to fight against your selfies as long as you can before you become absorbed

There are no different levels, no pause, just endless selfies in the game mode. The game ends when some selfie absorb you

At the end of the game you finish wit score which represents the exact count the selfies killed

Throughout the game there are different variations of mutations of the selfies and each one can be killed only with specific weapon. This weapon is sown on the display. To use different weapons you should use different gestures. For example if the concrete selfie requires to be killed with bat you should swipe left or right and so on - these things will be explained at the how to kill section of the app. Fortunately if you are surrounded by too many selfies and you can not kill them all there are 3 grenades in your pocket (and 20 dollars (to have)). In that moment your only move is to shake your phone and throw a grenade. This will kill all surrounding selfies and will give you 3 second of peace. And last but not least you have only one live (you are not a cat) but one selfie can not absorb you by itself it just can absorb about one third of you so you have 3 "hearts"

There will be a global ranglist with the last survivors

There will be some sound effects
The app functionality

there are 7 different view (screens) in the app

Main menu (1) - there are buttons to the different sections of the app
Game view (2) - the place where the game happens. In it there are:
3 hearts at the top left corner - represents the hits left from selfies before the absorption (animated when it is taken)
3 grenades at the top right corner - the grenades left in you pocket (animated when it is thrown)
Count of the selfies killed at top center
A picture of the required weapon for the closest selfie
Endless reproducing selfies to be killed
Game over view (3) - here you can select to play again, take new selfie, open how to kill or main menu
Take selfie view (4) - here you can take and save selfie to fight against
How to kill view (5) - pictures of the weapons and gestures that activates them
Last survivors (6) - show the global best scores
The true story (7) - the story of the future
Backend functionalities

the top scores will be stored in parse.com. There also will be sent a logs for each user about his activity and eventually crashes. There will be sent only the best score for each user so on player can not have more than one score at the global rank list. In the localdb will be kep only players top result.
The gestures that will be used are - swipe, fling, pinch long press, tap, double tap (more concrete in how to section and by sense)

And the most important thing - the selfies can be slayed only with strike in the head!!